All right.
I have already introduced a lot of
concepts in this very first section.
Usually people just give a brief
lightweight intro, but I wanted
to have you the taste of the Python.
That's why we are organizing things
in the professional way.
I don't want to get overwhelmed with
it, but I still want to show you one
of the another document that you
study once you learn the Python.
This is something that you
learn after learning Python.
It's the style of writing code.
And yes, there is a proper way
of how you write the Python code.
And everybody goes through this
documentation or this template
that what are do's and don'ts
while writing the Python code.
Again, reminding you this is not
something that should be learned
or gone through by a beginner or
especially somebody who's just
probably one year or one and a
half year in writing the Python
code.
This is for usually people
that eventually are comfortable
with Python and want
to improve their code.
But still, I don't want to miss
any bit of the Python part of it.
So, so let me walk you
through with this again.
This is super nice,
but just want to have it.
There is something known as,
in the Python world known as PEP8.
This PEP8 is the style
guideline for Python code.
We don't know right now how to write
the Python code that is okay,
but there is a guideline by the man
himself who created the Python
and it's a very simple guideline.
There is not too much included in it.
I'll just walk you through
with the things.
Like one of the point that they
always say in this, so let's just
go ahead and say that the name of
this is PEP 8, call it as
preparation talk or something
like that.
So in the whole PEP 8 they
mention a lot of points and don't
worry, as we write the code
I will automatically incorporate
these habits into you.
But some of the things like always
use four spaces, your editor
does it for you automatically.
But this says always use
four space, never tabs.
So although tab also does four
space, but they actually avoids it
because sometimes the tabs
are configured for two tabs or
two spaces, but again they say
explicitly use four spaces.
Another things, it's just a way
of writing the code, use
better meaningful names
for your methods and functions
and classes, all of that.
So call it as something like chai
and not C1 or C2.
Although in the tutorial you'll see
me using these names like F and G.
They're easier to explain.
That's why I do it, but their
whole goal is use better names.
That is always a good idea.
And then they also mentioned
that use formatters.
We are not going to talk about
them as of now, but formatters
like Black, rough, flakate,
whatever you want to use, what
formatter does, it automatically
makes your code more beautiful,
more pepe way.
It does it automatically.
We don't want to go into that.
But this is just few of them.
They have a whole lot
of guidelines, as you can see.
They have a whole examples
what to do, what not
to do, how to write this.
Definitely not this.
Rather not.
They have a lot of things when
to use trailing commas.
They have a lot of ways of defining
how to write better, readable,
maintainable Python code.
We will not go into that much of it.
One last thing I would like
to show you is a Zen of Python.
This is known as Pythonic
way of writing the code.
So what's the Pepit?
Pepit is also the same, but they
have this nice interesting thing.
So I'll just walk you
through with that.
So we can actually go ahead and see
this in the terminal itself.
Open up your terminal doesn't need
to be virtual environment.
Anything is fine.
Just go ahead and open your Python
in the terminal or in the shell.
We'll just do it here.
If you're on the Mac, do Python 3.
If you're on the Windows,
just do Python.
So I'll just go ahead
and do Python 3.
Three arrows means I
am into Python way.
Then just go ahead
and say import this.
Yeah, that's it.
One line, import this.
As soon as you do this, this actually
gives you the Zen of Python.
It's like a poem,
but again it is just basics.
So beautiful is better than ugly.
Explicit list is
better than implicit.
Simple is better than complex.
Complex is better than complicated.
Flat is better than nested.
The whole point is write your
code as simple as possible.
That is the whole this
poem is saying about it.
Again, I don't want you to get
too much into depth of it.
This is something once you
are comfortable in writing
the Python code, that is it.
But still I didn't want it to
actually not have in this course.
Rather to have this in early.
This is the point when you
tell it because there is no
other point When I actually
come back and hey, use this.
This should be introduced as
early as possible so that
you know, okay, there's a good way
of writing the code
and there's a documentation.
Once I'm comfortable with the Python
I can go ahead and read that.
So keep that in note, big and bold.
That.
Yes.
Always write simple code.
The most beautiful code
is the simplest code.
It should be readable.
It should be like, Anybody
can read it, understand what's
going on in this code.
That's the best code, actually.
So that is it for this video.
And let's catch up
in another such video.